the Canadian dollar has been suffering
over recent years in relation to the US
dollar it has been one action after
another but more recently with the price
of oil subdued Canada's oil exports have
been less profitable this has put a drag
not just on the local economies of the
oil regions but nationally as well so
the question is why did the Looney just
drop again you came for the truth today
we are going to look at not just Canada
and Looney we are going to discuss
various issues today stay tuned I'll
make this as quick as I can and concise
as possible this is the Canadian dollar
versus the US dollar and starting about
January
08 and you can see that while there are
fluctuations the trend is clear it's
downward having a devalued currency
allows for more attract active
exports this may be the case right here
you have also seen this clearly with
China and you have also seen that with
Mexico a few decades ago having your
currency be cheaper relative to the
reserve currency or relative to another
currency will make you more attractive
to exports that's very clear but you
present yourself with a problem when
these exports these commodities you're
trying to export are very the margins
are very thin and that's exactly what
has happened here in Canada because the
tarand the margins aren't exactly what
they would be in other areas like the
Middle East let's say it's a lot of
intense labor a lot of work and very
little profit in comparison to other
places because of what's involved to get
the oil out of the ground
and that's really hurting Canada right
now and you can see the oil regions
Alberta let's say where the housing
prices have taken a deep fall because of
that the businesses are hurting and
everything else but also it's hurting
nationally as
well I will show
you
now what's happened look at this the
Trump Administration
is taking
action against Canada over a trade
dispute
imposing 20% tariff on Lumber typically
used to build single family homes very
big business for Canada and obviously
the US has their own Lum so they're
saying why not impose a tariff here on
Canada and we'll use our own
instead that's of course about the
America first program and I do believe
in principle that that's a good
idea I don't
necessarily like to have tariffs I like
more of a free market system but if the
tricks are going on behind the scenes
and I'll mention that in a second here
then maybe that's a good way but I'm a
little bit hesitant on that let me just
say that right away this is all because
of what's happening with
NAFTA and you can see that Trump had
said from some time ago that they wanted
to if not renegotiate NAFTA then just
get rid of it all together but it seemed
like in in you know the idea was China
is bad let's fix them up let's give them
a run for their money at the same time
Mexico stealing all the jobs we need to
renegotiate that but let's just tweak
what's happening in Canada but it seems
like practically the first thing is the
20% terar off on Canada and I think
there could have been other things that
were uh done better here but you know
that's just the way it is this is going
to hurt Canada yet again because another
major export is being affected now
that's again the decision on the US's
part and any country should be able to
do whatever they want they should not be
forced into Buy in this case buying
lumber from the US uh from from Canada
the US should not have to do that and I
am totally uh in agreement with that
there shouldn't be a deal that says okay
you produce the lumber we have to buy
50% of it and this is how much we'll pay
I don't like that at all I think that
should they want to do a deal with them
then they should be able to look at
this you're talking about the
consideration potentially that Canada
improperly subsidizes its
exports so what is this all about well
this next article out of the Wall Street
Journal talks about it the US Lumber
industry filed a complaint to the
Commerce Department alleging that
Canadian Lumber is unfairly dumped or
sold at less than market value into the
US market in Canada heavily subsidizes
its Timber industry offering Pacific
Coast Producers access access to wood
from government owned land at below
market
prices I don't know if it's happening
personally if it is this is
obviously the individual Canadian is
subsidizing that price bringing it down
so that it could sell it so that it can
make money on it it's so silly when the
government intervenes it just you just
want to smack your forehead and how
stupid this is sometimes
anyway there's more in this article here
although Timber is a wonderful subject I
think I'll move on you know where I'm
going with this so let me get on to some
other
topics Google's parent alphabet becomes
a second
$600 billion company and you yourself
listening to this you could become the
next $600 billion company all you have
to do is have your friends in the
highest positions of power in the
government pay next to nothing in taxes
and you too can become the next
Google role of the government can you
believe this and I should say that I do
believe it government should do more to
solve people's problems that's the blue
line and government is doing too many
things better left to business
businesses and
individuals more and more people these
days want the government to do more
government needs to impose tariffs
government needs to impose taxes
government needs to do this and that and
this and that and suddenly you have no
Freedom you have no Liberty why because
as the years go on they have the tiptoe
effect creeping and crawling stealing
each and everyone and this is what I see
to become a big big problem the bigger
the government the bigger the problems
doesn't surprise me one bit the ever
widening wage Gap look if you're one of
the richest of the rich you're doing
well there is more and more money being
made by these individuals but if you're
like most of the people listening to
this video you and I are down here we're
making
no money since
1973 to present day we are not
increasing our
earnings in a percentage
basis yet those in the higher positions
guess what making more money than
ever this is a change of Gears very
quickly I suggest everyone check this
out this Montreal based
liar bird okay it's a company that has
made this software that can read your
voice it listens to your voice for just
one minute and it can
therefore say anything it wants it just
you know you type a sentence and it will
say that even if you've never spoken
those words before one minute of talking
is enough to program it now that's
huge let's say you were talking into
Siri for one minute or you were ordering
at a drive-thru or you're talking into
your cell phone I mean think just think
your voice is constantly being recorded
right right now I'm being recorded and
I'm putting it on YouTube they can use
that one minute voice and make me say
anything this here and it you know it's
going to be a relatively cheap software
I'm assuming seems like it's going to be
rather mainstream
and this is dangerous to say the least
the level of
um you know what's being done with
artificial intelligence with all the
computers with uh everything that's
happening with the
NSA it's becoming ever
pervasive this here I wanted to mention
it for for basically two sides of this
full scale exercise focused on preparing
for complex Terror attacks to include
national capital region First Responders
and emergency
managers what I would say here is that
number one they actually warned people
in advance which is great at the very
least a lot of these tests that they do
they just go onto the streets they have
black Choppers coming in low people are
getting freaked out they're calling 911
911 doesn't know what the hell's going
on the police show up they don't know
what's going on nobody's talking to each
other and they purposely do it because
they want to see how the team start
reacting
and then simultaneously I see this as
preparations for what is probably at
some point going to happen whether we
have a civil war whether we have martial
law I believe that this is all in
preparation for that there's so many so
many documents that show this that they
are in fact preparing for it whether or
not they intend on implementing it I
don't know that but they're preparing
for it that's clear so this is just
another example of that and last but not
least I wanted to end off with this
doesn't it say at all the sky is
screwed your taxes
lobbyists propaganda contributions
pressuring Congress to implement more
laws and of course the government grows
and grows that means more taxes your
taxes
it's the way it
goes okay now I just wanted to finish
off with one
point as I've said in the previous video
YouTube is doing some sort of I would
call it censorship to some degree anyway
and as such I've decided to make a
little bit of
modifications uh to my YouTube
channel you can see that this video had
many topics but I chose the one that
would be let's just say a little more
lighthearted I'm going to try to do that
more often we'll see how it goes also
the sources so in the descriptions and
the sources and everything else I need
to be careful of what I write so what
I've decided to do was just put a link
to this Google doc anybody can see this
doc you just go to it it'll bring you
directly to the page and you just search
by date so you can see in this example
here very quickly I just want to make
sure you guys know this you can see this
uh this is a date from yesterday's video
you'll see what the title is uh my my
little intro description and the sources
you can see them for yourself you can
click on them and and go that way this
will allow me to basically not have to
worry I don't want to have any concerns
I'm trying to go within the lines at the
same time then on my own time my own
website creating all these different
products and things where I can do what
I need to do
so if you want any of the
sources there's a link in the
description as
always check it out it'll be there if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative so if you want to look
through the books just go over to Amazon
because they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of these books to see if you like
them take care